When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  	When I want to share my work with other people easily.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because there can be changes made on the remote repository(by me or by other persons) that can damage my local files or that can be optimized before pulling them. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

	Forks can be made only on GitHub and are similar to clones. Clones can be made between any two repositories, local or remote. Branches can be added on one repository(local or remote).
	I would use fork when I would want to change someone else's repository and that person(and others who sees my repo) to know that. I would use clone when I would want to download locally a remote repository and make changes to it. I would use branches when I would want to make changes(like different difficulty levels on a game, different ingredients on a recipe, etc) and also preserve the last version of a file.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	I can see the modifications made by others and compare them with mine in order to see what to merge and commit.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I think I would use Dropbox instead. But it is simpler to use Git and GitHub, because it is more complex and I can do more things easier using Git and GitHub(like commiting changes on the same file, making pull requests, etc).

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

	When I collaborate with other people and we need to be on the same spot with the ideas. Someone makes a change, than the others reviews it and says their opinion. After that I can merge the branch with the master. In this case it's better to use branches to see better what differences were made.
	Making changes directly in master it's easier, it takes lesser time to do them, but it's safer using branches.